14.4 Accept-Language

The Accept-Language request-header field is similar to Accept, but
restricts the set of natural languages that are preferred as a
response to the request. Language tags are defined in section 3.10.

   Accept-Language = "Accept-Language" ":"
                     1#( language-range [ ";" "q" "=" qvalue ] )
   language-range  = ( ( 1*8ALPHA *( "-" 1*8ALPHA ) ) | "*" )

Each language-range MAY be given an associated quality value which
represents an estimate of the user's preference for the languages
specified by that range. The quality value defaults to "q=1". For
example,

   Accept-Language: da, en-gb;q=0.8, en;q=0.7

would mean: "I prefer Danish, but will accept British English and
other types of English." A language-range matches a language-tag if
it exactly equals the tag, or if it exactly equals a prefix of the
tag such that the first tag character following the prefix is "-".
The special range "*", if present in the Accept-Language field,
matches every tag not matched by any other range present in the
Accept-Language field.

  Note: This use of a prefix matching rule does not imply that
  language tags are assigned to languages in such a way that it is
  always true that if a user understands a language with a certain
  tag, then this user will also understand all languages with tags
  for which this tag is a prefix. The prefix rule simply allows the
  use of prefix tags if this is the case.

The language quality factor assigned to a language-tag by the
Accept-Language field is the quality value of the longest language-
range in the field that matches the language-tag. If no language-
range in the field matches the tag, the language quality factor
assigned is 0. If no Accept-Language header is present in the
request, the server SHOULD assume that all languages are equally acceptable.
If an Accept-Language header is present, then all languages which are
assigned a quality factor greater than 0 are acceptable.

As intelligibility is highly dependent on the individual user, it is
recommended that client applications make the choice of linguistic
preference available to the user. If the choice is not made
available, then the Accept-Language header field MUST NOT be given in
the request.

  Note: When making the choice of linguistic preference available to
  the user, we remind implementors of  the fact that users are not
  familiar with the details of language matching as described above,
  and should provide appropriate guidance. As an example, users
  might assume that on selecting "en-gb", they will be served any
  kind of English document if British English is not available. A
  user agent might suggest in such a case to add "en" to get the
  best matching behavior.
