14.3 Accept-Encoding

  The Accept-Encoding request-header field is similar to Accept, but
  restricts the content-codings (section 3.5) that are acceptable in
  the response.

     Accept-Encoding  = "Accept-Encoding" ":"
                         1#( codings [ ";" "q" "=" qvalue ] )
      codings          = ( content-coding | "*" )

  Examples of its use are:

      Accept-Encoding: compress, gzip
      Accept-Encoding:
      Accept-Encoding: *
      Accept-Encoding: compress;q=0.5, gzip;q=1.0
      Accept-Encoding: gzip;q=1.0, identity; q=0.5, *;q=0

  All content-coding values are case-insensitive. HTTP/1.1 uses
  content-coding values in the Accept-Encoding (section 14.3) and
  Content-Encoding (section 14.11) header fields. Although the value
  describes the content-coding, what is more important is that it
  indicates what decoding mechanism will be required to remove the
  encoding.

  A server tests whether a content-coding is acceptable, according to
  an Accept-Encoding field, using these rules:

     1. If the content-coding is one of the content-codings listed in
        the Accept-Encoding field, then it is acceptable, unless it is
        accompanied by a qvalue of 0. (As defined in section 3.9, a
        qvalue of 0 means "not acceptable.")

     2. The special "*" symbol in an Accept-Encoding field matches any
        available content-coding not explicitly listed in the header
        field.

     3. If multiple content-codings are acceptable, then the acceptable
        content-coding with the highest non-zero qvalue is preferred.

     4. The "identity" content-coding is always acceptable, unless
        specifically refused because the Accept-Encoding field includes
        "identity;q=0", or because the field includes "*;q=0" and does
        not explicitly include the "identity" content-coding. If the
        Accept-Encoding field-value is empty, then only the "identity"
        encoding is acceptable.

  If an Accept-Encoding field is present in a request, and if the
  server cannot send a response which is acceptable according to the
  Accept-Encoding header, then the server SHOULD send an error response
  with the 406 (Not Acceptable) status code.

  If no Accept-Encoding field is present in a request, the server MAY
  assume that the client will accept any content coding. In this case,
  if "identity" is one of the available content-codings, then the
  server SHOULD use the "identity" content-coding, unless it has
  additional information that a different content-coding is meaningful
  to the client.

  Note: Most HTTP/1.0 applications do not recognize or obey qvalues
        associated with content-codings. This means that qvalues will not
        work and are not permitted with x-gzip or x-compress.
